Gillette is the worlds most iconic shaving brand and their current campaign ‘the best a man can be’ is derived from their iconic ‘the best a man can get’ slogan. Firstly I want to state my review of this advert is based on my opinion as an aspiring marketer and as a male. 
As a marketer I feel this campaign is extremely successful, not only because of its ‘CSR’ intention towards equality but also because of its reach worldwide, and although controversial, it gets people and if an everyday person talks about adverts then of course they’ve done something right. The advert itself aims to tackle sexual harassment and gender stereotypes as ‘masculinity’ and ‘male power’ by portraying incidences that have previously been encountered. Showing the negative impact it causes to others. It then aims to ‘inspire’ by showing men tackling such issues, including the famous phrase ‘boys will be boys’. This includes real life examples of men setting an example. Then the way Gillette have linked this to their company is through their slogan, by saying ‘boys watching today will be the men of tomorrow’ and therefore they want to get the ‘best in men’. So instead of being a product the best a man can get, it becomes inspirational to become ‘the best a man can be’ while if you noticed it also features males, as clean shaven linking to their products, while they have also featured, ethnically diverse actors to show its target audience. Stating a majorly effective campaign that is relevant yet powerful that can withstand time. 
As someone who believes in equality I believe this advert is very powerful. I also agree with Gillette breaking male stereotypes which labels men to act and be a certain way. However I feel as if Gillette have tried too hard to portray themselves as the good guys. Taking a stance towards public issues is very important but not on the opportunity in risking market share or brand position. This campaign is a huge success with women and some men (including myself) so how effective is the campaign if now only half the men who disagree with this opinion do not want to purchase Gillette anymore?
