I honestly don’t think social media is a fair battleground for most arguments or conducive to rational discussion, but…. the reactions to the #gillette advert this week has been something I really wanted to post about, but just wasn’t sure what to say.
Then this morning, as I was walking home after doing an F45 class (I was going home to shower so still had the same sweaty kit on, and hair scraped up) I heard a loud whistle. I carried on walking and then heard it again, followed by a shout of “Hey Sexy!”- yes ladies and gentlemen, on a Thursday morning in the middle of Westfield shopping centre in 2019, an adult man thought an acceptable way to communicate with another adult female was to whistle at her like she was a sheepdog in training. 
To anyone who this week found the Gillette advert to promote reverse sexism, to be feminist propaganda, to be an assault on masculinity…. behaviour like I experienced this morning, and that if I’m honest I have experienced on a near daily basis for the past twenty or so years, is the reason why we NEED adverts like this to help make people aware that this behaviour is NOT OK. Yes it was a PR stunt that has generated massive publicity, but I love that so many people are talking about this now, and hate that there have been such strong reactions against it by men who are upset, offended, threatened…. and who still think wolf whistling is an acceptable form of communication. 
I don’t hate men. I don’t think all men are like that. But I do think some are. Cat calling, wolf whistling, unwanted stares and conversations, fear to walk home alone, groping in bars and nightclubs, overcoming stereotypes, being rejected for a job on the basis of gender, having to state over and over again that no means no….. if you find an advert offensive, you should try dealing with all of this shit on a daily basis. 
Thank you @gillette for opening up this conversation, to anyone who has engaged in a healthy debate about it, thank you to all the wonderful, supportive, open-minded men I know (there are many) but to the whistling prick this morning and anyone who still thinks “boys will be boys” is an acceptable defence for anything - it isn’t.
