#boycottGillette. Gillette and the APA have decided to declare war on Masculinity. Declaring all traditional forms of Masculinity toxic and unhealthy.

Well I guess news for them, it's not, but using your privilege to attack it is.

When are feminists and special interest groups in America going to understand that masculinity isn't something you can shut off, change or adapt. A man's blood born desire to be competitve, commanding, agreesive, strong, unaffraid, and yes, even over confident, is apart of our DNA. 
Even betamales, who like to identify as different and more sensitive have this codified in their minds and impulses. What separates head strong Alpha males from the more fragile Betamales, is the degree of masculinity, by not the form of it.

When a man disrespects a woman or violates her in any way, that's not a reflection of his masculinity, it's a reflection of his character, morals and character.  Convict men who violate women on their choices, not their masculinity. Every year there are women who abandon their children in foster homes or street corners, yet men have never organized and protested declaring forms of Feminity or motherhood toxic.
Every year there women and men who abuse their children or spouses, is Feminity or masculinity to blame for these acts, or is the people?🤔 If Feminists, liberals and hit squads seek to really change things, then how about promoting the men are who grinding everyday to support their wives, families and communities. Sponor working dialogue with regular everyday working class men, not just men who already agree with your position. Differences discussed in civil healthy debates help people understand each other's experiences together.

Simply telling men we have to comform to redefined version of masculinity set by feminists women and  feminists men is judgemental, close minded and unintelligent. Let's strike to be smarter, less divisive and more inclusive in 2019 people.

#alphamale #menrights #gillette #evolve
#nofeminism #humanrace #america
