#thebestamancanbe 
Long post inbound... I will admit this advert evoked some passionate discussion at home last night, as well as the with the @dadscomm group. My first response was of frustration and questions as to why a shaving company thinks it can preach to us the morals of a modern society. It felt like once again all men were being grouped together, and it felt a bit condescending.

I questioned whether Gillette give a damn about the issues they've shown here, suspecting rather that they've jumped upon a 'band wagon' to turn a profit.

Do we need this advert then?

We need something!

I don't pretend for a second that what they've highlighted here aren't real issues that need to be tackled, and there are many, many more which need to be addressed. What I don't like is taking focus away from them for a marketing campaign which will be over before we know it, or when it profits aren't being met.

I would never have classed myself as apathetic to any of these issues, but in having a child, having to bring my daughter up in this world had made me a hell of a lot more interested and involved with discussions like this. I notice far more now which sometimes makes me ashamed in wanting to stand proud in trying to be a good guy. I don't think I know anyone who falls in to this category, nor anyone that wouldn't want to stop it, but this cannot be celebrated whilst the few bring it all down.

I have tried to live my life with a simple rule of 'Don't be a dick'. Its an easy mantra to live by and one I expect most people reading this will follow too. However, it is lost on some. So how do we resolve this without tarnishing everyone, can we?

I wish I had the answers to this. I wish  that just sparking debate was enough to fix it. The likes of @commando_dad leading the discussions on the radio today will help I'm sure, but what do we all do?

#gillette #dadlife #dadscomm #men #father #fatherhood #parentlife #parenting #dad #blog #blogger #dadblog #dontbeadick #dadvice #giletteadvert
